## Some notes:
1.  In order to use 'this' in the correct context, we have to utilize `.bind` when we use the `.setState` method. `.bind(this)` takes the context of `this` from outside the function (which is the component) and makes that context available for use inside the function.
2.  React uses the `Virtural DOM` to update the data in the browser. When we want to change state data for a component and make that update to the DOM, instead of rendering the entire DOM, we use the Virtural DOM, which is an abstraction of the DOM, a representation of the DOM. And updating the Virtural DOM is much faster than updating the DOM. So when we make a change in our react code, it recreates the Virtural DOM with that new value, then it takes that Virtural DOM and it compares it to the actual DOM and it looks for the changes and where the changes are it updates only that portion, so instead of rerendering the whole DOM it only changes those sections which have been changed in the Virtural DOM.
3.  We use `style-loader` and `css-loader` to import css into JavaScripts files and insert that css into the DOM. So instead of having one big css file we can compartmentalize our css and only load what we need.
4.  When dealing with refs doing something like `this.refs.someRef` will return the entire JSX element, so in our example what needed the specific value typed into the input field and achieved this by doing `this.refs.someRef.value`.
5. In our small todo app to obtain adding a todo functionality we had created a child component named `AddItem`, but we created a custom function `onAdd` in the parent component and then added it as a prop to the child component which let us access that function as a prop. 

## Some helpful things:
1.  JavaScript `Timing Events` like `setTimeout()` and `setInterval()` allow execution of code at specified time intervals. `setTimeout(<function>, <milliseconds>)` executes a function, after waiting a specified number of milliseconds. The `setInterval(<function>, <milliseconds>)` is the same as setTimeout(), but repeats the execution of the function continuously. You can use the `clearTimeout(<timeoutVariable>)` method to stop the execution of the function specified in setTimeout(). The `clearInterval(<timerVariable>)` method stops the executions of the function specified in the setInterval() method.
2.  The JavaScript Array `map()` method creates a new array with the results of calling a function for every array element. The map() method calls the provided function once for each element in the array, in order. It also does not change the original array. The value of the current element when cycling through is a required function argument.
3.  The JavaScript `filter()` method creates an array filled with all array elements that pass a test (provided as a function). The filter() does not execute the function for array elements without values and does not change the original array. The value of the current element is a required function argument.
